Fix `cartesian_to_spherical` for rank > 2 tensors and real_to_complex transformation (#371)
metatensor/featomic: featomic/CHANGELOG.md

### Removed
-->

### Fixed
- Fixed `featomic.clebsch_gordan.cartesian_to_spherical` transformation for tensors of rank greater than 2 (#371)

> - Fixed the calculation of Clebsch-Gordan coefficients, use all across the `featomic.clebsch_gordan` module (#371)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the calculation of Clebsch-Gordan coefficients, used all across the `featomic.clebsch_gordan` module (#371)
```

### Removed
-->

> ### Changed
> 
> - Bug fixes in `featomic.clebsch_gordan`, see issue
>   [#370](https://github.com/metatensor/featomic/issues/370):
>     - fixed `cartesian_to_spherical` transformation for tensors of rank greater than 2.
>       Previously, axes weren't properly rolled to `yzx`.
>     - added a missing transformation in the real to complex spherical harmonics
>       transformation, used in the calculation of CG coefficients.

Reviewer: This should be written to address users, not assuming any knowledge of the internal: so fixes should be described in terms of user-facing functions. For more details, one can link to the PR/issue.

```suggestion
### Fixed

- Fixed `featomic.clebsch_gordan.cartesian_to_spherical` transformation for tensors of rank greater than 2 (#371)
- Fixed the calculation of Clebsch-Gordan coefficients, use all across the `featomic.clebsch_gordan` module (#371)
```
